[Actions] Improve calculations to determine which actions and groups to roll up (#11441)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/heavy-deers-applaud.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> [ActionMenu] Improved width calculation logic to show and roll up actions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved the logic of action rollup and calculation of available space in `ActionMenu` and `Tabs`
```
